Edit for grammar and style (#8)
mli/deepnumpy-doc: guide/crash-course/index.rst

> Getting started with DeepNumPy

Author: ```suggestion
Getting started with NumPy on MXNet
```

============

> This crash course shows how to get started with DeepNumPy on MXNet. The topics here provide a quick overview of the core concepts for both DeepNumPy, which helps you manipulate multiple dimensional arrays, and Gluon, which helps you create and train neural

Author: ```suggestion
This crash course shows how to get started with NumPy on MXNet. The topics here provide a quick overview of the core concepts for both NP on MXNet, which helps you manipulate multiple dimensional arrays, and Gluon, which helps you create and train neural
```
